---
layout: post
title: Week 3 - Extension Complete!
---

Looking back on my group and I's work on our extension, Word to Pet, I think we pulled through better than expected. We had a bit of trouble at first getting used to how the extensions are set up, and we found out halfway through that one of our group members had dropped the class leaving just the 2 of us. In terms of programming through, it turned out to be easier than expected once we got into the swing of it. I have had some experience with javascript but just the new format/file organization made it seem harder than it really was. In reality, it was just figuring out where to write code where. All in all, I am happy with our silly little extension and I feel like I learned an interesting skill that I might want to come back to, as creating and installing a simple extension was easier than it seemed!

In terms of collaboration, I have had a good amount of experience working on teams through other classes I have taken and it turned out to be only 2 of us in the group by the end, so if anything it helped to reinforce some of my previous experiences/knowledge.

I thought the other groups had fun ideas as well, some of them even seemed like something I would actually find useful to have myself like the Table of Contents. It seems like a great idea for long webpages as a lot of them won't have any way to jump around the page! I enjoyed the other novelty extensions as well, there's always a place for a fun gag on your Firefox browser
