---
layout: post
title: Week 13 - The Final Post
---


The last week! Once again, not much new to talk about, as everyone is now preparing and presenting their final projects. I think that my group and I's presentation on Wednesday went pretty well, and we were able to explain our different experiences, good and bad. Preparing the presentation itself was not too bad, and we all stayed in touch and communicated well how we would lay things out. The actual presentation itself was smooth, and we all were able to say our parts and analyze our overall experience.

The other presentations before us gave us a bit of pause since they seemed to have gotten a lot more done through their projects, but we realized that we ended up working on a smaller, slower moving project so we had to be a little more patient with the pace.

Currently, I am still working on one last main contribution, as I want to get a solid chunk of code in the project before the semester is over! I have quite enjoyed working on Inky, since I have a bit of a connection to the program and like to see it improve for when I might need to use it again one day. I think it has a lot of potential to become a very robust editor for these kinds of stories, akin to programs like Twine!

Overall, I had a good time with this class as well, and learned a lot about the world of open source. It doesn't seem so daunting now to contribute to open source projects, and now I will always see them with a different light. After all, if I stumble across one that I can contribute to, I now feel confident enough to jump right in!
