---
layout: post
title: Week 12 - Humanitarian OS and Projects
---


To connect more to the earlier COVID-19 discussions and its open source presence, we went over in more detail a broader scope of humanitarian efforts using open source. Learning about all of these different projects and causes, it made me realize just how perfect open source as a culture/structure is for efforts like these. It is a way for people to help each other in a way that was not possible without the internet, and allows for everyone (with the right experience) to be able to help and contribute from even their own home.

Touching on my own contributions, the group project is still going well, we met up this week on Zoom to discuss potential group contributions that we would be able to look at. I made my first pull request, and it was (quickly) accepted and merged! Its a pretty good feeling to actually have my name up on the recent commits list on a project like this, especially since I have used it in the past and now know that my own work is in the code somewhere, even if it was small.

On the other hand, I'm having a bit of trouble coming up with more code contributions for my own contributions list, as I have been focusing on Wikipedia and OpenStreetMap additions. Many of the projects I have come across end up being out of my skillset, or too large to be able to learn and contribute to in a reasonable time frame along with my group project and other classes. Unsure what would be a good route to go to look for something to contribute, but for now I'll keep adding my non-code stuff just to get some contributions in at least!
